# [Invite the Polymart Discord Bot to your server](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=724460914560073838&permissions=268527680&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[Polymart](https://polymart.org)'s official Discord Bot! Add it to your server [here](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=724460914560073838&permissions=268527680&scope=bot%20applications.commands).

### Setup Guide

1. Add the Polymart Discord bot by going [here](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=724460914560073838&permissions=268527680&scope=bot%20applications.commands), and choosing your server. Make sure to authorize the bot to do all of the requested features!
2. If your resources are on your personal account, visit your account settings at https://polymart.org/account, and generate a new API key — name it something like "Polymart Discord Bot", and copy the key to your clipboard. If they're on a team account, visit the team profile page, click "Team API Keys", and generate a new API key. Only the team creator can see API keys.
3. Type `/config set apikey <YOUR_API_KEY>` where YOUR_API_KEY is the API key you got from your Polymart profile. For example, `/config set apikey eyJoZW...xsbyJ9`
4. Let's add your resources! First, find your resource's ID. You're resource's ID is the number at the very end of its URL on Polymart. For example, the ID of https://polymart.org/resource/item-bridge.4 is `4`, and the ID of `https://polymart.org/resource/mcjava-1-example-452.296` is 296. Now, add this resource by typing `/resource add resourceid:<RESOURCE_ID> role:<VERIFIED_ROLE>`, where `RESOURCE_ID` is your resource's ID, and `VERIFIED_ROLE` is the role that you want to give verified roles. If you have multiple resources and don't want to give users a special role for every resource they own, you can leave out the `role` part. For example, if we wanted to give all CustomItems users the `CustomItems` role, we would do `/resource add resourceid:1 role:@CustomItems`
6. Now, it's time to set up the roles for verified users! If you want the bot to send verification instructions in a certain channel, type use `/config set verification` to set the channel, like `/config set verification channel:#verify`. If you have multiple premium resources and want to give all users the same role, use `/config set verification` to set the role, like `/config set verification role:@PolymartVerified`.

That's it! When buyers join your Discord server, they can use `/verify` to verify themselves automatically (they get sent to Polymart where they're given a token, and then they send that token back to the bot to verify their identity). Don't worry! There's security measures in place to make sure that only one Discord account can be linked to a given Polymart account.
