Guide on how to setup the polymart discord bot
---
1. Add the Polymart Discord bot by going [here](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=724460914560073838&permissions=268527680&scope=bot%20applications.commands), and choosing your server. Make sure to authorize the bot to have access to all the included features!
2. If your resources are on your personal account, visit your account settings at https://polymart.org/account, and generate a new API key — name it something like "Polymart Discord Bot", and copy the key to your clipboard. If they're on a team account, visit the team profile page, click "Team API Keys", and generate a new API key. Only the team creator can see API keys.
3. Type `/config set apikey <YOUR_API_KEY>` where YOUR_API_KEY is the API key you got from your Polymart profile. For example, `/config set apikey eyJoZW...xsbyJ9`
4 (optional). Let's set up your resource roles! First, find your resource's ID. Your resource's ID is the number at the very end of its URL on Polymart. For example, the ID of https://polymart.org/resource/item-bridge.4 is `4`, and the ID of `https://polymart.org/resource/mcjava-1-example-452.296` is 296. Now, add a role to this resource by typing `/resource config resourceid:<RESOURCE_ID> role:<VERIFIED_ROLE>`, where `RESOURCE_ID` is your resource's ID, and `VERIFIED_ROLE` is the role that you want to give users who have this resource when they verify. If you have multiple resources and don't want to give users a special role for every resource they own, you can skip this step. For example, if we wanted to give all CustomItems users the `CustomItems` role, we would do `/resource config resourceid:1 role:@CustomItems`
5. If you want the bot to send verification instructions in a certain channel, type use `/config set verification` to set the channel, like `/config set verification channel:#verify`. All verified users can be given a generic "Verified" role which you can set up by using `/config set verification` to set the role, like `/config set verification role:@PolymartVerified`.
